---
layout: reference
title: NPM
author: Alan Languirand
description: NPM is a package manager for node.
---

# Install Zetta with NPM

Zetta is listed as a dependency in your `package.json` file. Running the `npm install` command from your project folder will retrieve all the packages specified in `package.json` and install them on your BeagleBone. At this point you will be installing Zetta itself.

Drivers in Zetta are distributed through the Node Package Manager - NPM. We'll be building a driver from scratch later in this project, but for now let's just pull this one off the shelf. In the Cloud9 IDE on yor BeagleBone, run this command:

The driver you just downloaded represents a piezo buzzer in software. It's a state machine that is comprised of the `on`, `off` states. When `on` it will turn the buzzer on, and when `off` it will turn the buzzer off. The changes in state are represented by transitions. Transitions are functions in Zetta that are called when the state of an object changes. Our piezo element has `on`, `off`, and `beep` as transitions. `on` and `off` change to their corresponding states, and `beep` will swap the state from `off` to `on` and back again.

> **DID YOU KNOW?**
> Every module you'll use in this tutorial is open source. This one can be found here https://github.com/zettajs/zetta-buzzer-bonescript-driver.

### What is This Code Doing?

* `var zetta = require('zetta');` requires the Zetta package. It contains all the functionality needed to configure an IoT app.
* `var Buzzer = require('zetta-buzz...` The second line requires the driver for the piezo element.
* `zetta()` initializes an instance of zetta for use in your code.
* `.use()` tells zetta that we want to use a piezo element hooked up to our BeagleBone Black.
* `.listen()` tells zetta that we want our API server to listen at port `1337`, and includes an optional callback.


  * {TIMESTAMP} will be the time the log was generated
  * {SOME-GUID} will be a 32 digit globally uniqe id.

